hey guys it's Gabriella and I am back
again with another mysterious game a
game has been picked out for me in which
I have no idea what it is I don't know
how to play it I don't know anything
about it it could be scary it could be
funny it could be weird to be creepy
I've no idea so let's figure out what it
is today
Oh Brady okay it's not in English but
there it is so I have no idea the
instruction he was at poop already I've
no idea what languages this or how to
play since the instructions are in what
appeared to be Wow I don't know some
Asian language oh oh my god this is good
finger you I just have to Josh the poop
that was literally coming from his butt
you you this is the most disgusting game
ever
Yahoo yay is something like this like
hula Jay it's like oh let's play poot
Dodger like this is my favorite game
ever oh this sounds so gross you like
it's like literally pooping from its
play like it's not even like just like a
monkey linking poo or something it's
like poop coming out of his actual but
is it a lady's but I think you might be
a lady's but I don't know you know
what's the point of this game this is
look so stupid I don't even understand
what addicting games calm this isn't
there's nothing addicting about this
game like it's not even hard Oh
time over Wow
oh my god what was I supposed to do Wow
I was so ok I guess I might ask or
what's the score how am I so sure
oh I'm supposed to say hit the bunny
what the heck Oh am I so stay at the OOP
I was wondering why I was pointing you
you swept like as soon as the corpse you
this game just got ten times more gross
you okay I get it now but oh this is so
disgusting
whoo-hoo-hoo so cute I don't want to
stand I'm shutting up anyway I don't
like this game you know what it's so
disgusting oh my god this is nasty and
like I heard the out how much score but
yeah my father stopped pooping
I don't want okay so I don't understand
why sometimes it works and sometimes it
does I guess I have to get it like right
right in between the legs to hope for it
to count I die but why am i poking in
the body this is just like inappropriate
and disgusting why did the color change
why is it now yellow it just pooped on
me this is honestly
good thing now it's right again why is
it changing between colors drink better
than he was less than though he'll point
yeah oh my gosh this game is just
disgusting
making my butt sore just like watching
this Yousef a me you okay I am done with
this game
already that was that was a lot of fun
that that pooping and Dodger game oh I'm
going to call it quits for now ah if you
have a game that you want me to play
leave it in the comments below and then
we'll look at it and see if it would
well obviously I won't look at it
because that would take the mystery out
of it but you get what I'm saying leave
a comment if you have a game you want to
play and I will see you guys next time
bye
that is so disgusting what is wrong with
you the nose was just a mess
way around
you